From Mountain View, California, the first ever idiot fest, Harmontown, is now in session.
Spencer Crittenden into the stage, everybody. Spencer!
And the mayor of Harmontown, you know him, you love him, Mr. Dan Harmon.
I'm not supposed, I shouldn't be offended that these seats are empty, right?
Those are famous people's seats, it's just other famous people don't like me.
That's the Harmon guarantee, that's fine.
Those were empty for the other people, right?
No, that was full.
Okay.
Wait, did Portlandia fill these seats or were those empty too?
They were all full, weren't they?
They were full.
You know why?
Because Crooked Fred Armisen makes promises to other famous people that I don't make.
I'm an outsider.
A lot of those people, though, were paid by Fred Armisen to be here.
Absolutely.
They were paid seat fillers.
Crooked Fred Armisen and crazy Kerry Brownstein.
If you like her, you should hate him.
If you like him, you should hate her, etc.
Comey's a leaker.
And I drained the swamp.
The swamp is empty up here.
But thank you for coming. It's a nice sound.
It's a hot day.
You're walking around.
You come into a tent.
What could be funnier?
Comedy works with high ceilings, outdoors.
You took a big chance and I want to make it pay off for you.
It's amazing the first year this festival is going on, right?
Chris Hardwick is trying a new thing.
He's a good guy.
You guys all know this. You're probably Chris Hardwick fans.
He's got that amount of niceness that brings out the badness in you.
When you're talking to him, he makes you wonder what you could do to make him mad.
What if I ate a baby? Would you frown?
Would that make you upset?
Evil people have that technique.
You've been intoxicated with evil.
You start coming up with hypotheticals.
You tell people, what if I ate a baby?
That's the only one I have.
Because we're in an outdoor tent right now,
your hair is blowing in an awesome Stevie Nicks rock and roll fashion.
I'm trying to think of a Stevie Nicks.
You can tell from one syllable I was trying to do Stevie Nicks.
And then I gave up.
I want to be Stevie Nicks.
I can't do it. I can't do it no matter how you try.
I kind of got good at Roger Waters last night,
because I watched The Wall with Cody in the hotel room,
because there's not a lot of places to keep out here.
We just stayed in the hotel room and tried to find The Wall.
Pink Floyd's The Wall, you millennials.
You don't know what maybe that is.
I misjudged you.
But it's hard to find The Wall.
There's something happened.
By the way, how are you Spencer?
I'm good.
Spencer Crittenden, everybody. He came out here.
You're too kind.
But do you guys think Roger Waters,
it's like the mastermind behind The Wall.
So remember The Wall, it came out.
When I was a kid, it was like, yeah, The Wall.
It was like education.
And then when The Wall, the Berlin Wall was coming down,
he did that big concert, and it was like, it's relevant again.
And then Cody was saying like,
because he just did a concert again,
because now Trump is like saying, build a wall,
and now he's doing, he's got a new album.
And Cody's saying, no, you know Roger Waters is stoked about Trump.
I think that he's just like, time to get back out there.
Ah, the smell of grease paint. Ah, the limelight.
All right.
Take that, Roger Waters.
Wait, Dan, but you started off by saying
that you are doing a pretty good Roger Waters impression these days?
Well, no, because the acoustics in here
probably won't sound like a good impression to you.
But I was thinking it would be funny if that song,
you know, that starts with like, I got a little black book,
I poems in, got a bag, got a toothbrush, and a comb,
that if the list just kept going and it wasn't relevant to anything,
that he was just like, I got six cowboy hats with ice cream inside two of them,
and the third one has a frog with a screwdriver.
So you're not going to do the impression for us?
No.
That's the thing, it's like, I can't, no,
you have to be in an elevator with me or very close with me in bed
in order for the, to sound like, Roger Waters is a,
he wasn't somebody that could have worked in like 1930s radio
or at Woodstock or something, he's like,
he's an artist that's reliant on a certain layered high-tech,
high-fidelity thing.
So don't fucking, don't look at me like I'm less than talented.
Blame God for the speed of sound and the laws of nature.
There's a place in my shower, if I get right into a corner in my shower,
at a certain place, a certain distance from the corner of my shower,
I can sound exactly like a cello.
It sounds exactly like a cello, but I can't do it anywhere else.
It sounds like me humming like an asshole.
Spencer, do you ever sing in the shower?
Yeah, I sing in the shower.
Do you sing anywhere else? Do you sing in a car?
Yeah, I really let loose in my car.
If there was a car in my car, I'd be in prison, I think.
I just scream, just scream onomatopoetic sounds.
By the way, where the fuck are we?
That's not to offend you guys.
It's my own ignorance.
We get in a plane, we flew for an hour.
We're in Mountain View, California.
What is that? Where did we go?
It's where the white people live.
Hawaiian people?
The white people.
We went to a restaurant.
There's a weird contradiction here.
I think it's a college town, but it's also a place where white people go to die.
Or invent things that make everyone else live, which kills them.
They invented the iPhone 7, which I can't plug into the goddamn jack here.
There's a strip mall near our hotel that's the size of fucking Babylon,
which was famous for its size.
I'm just saying, it's just endless, endless.
Every single store is some place where you can buy a thousand dollar pants
or a plate you can't eat off of.
But then in between every third one is a restaurant,
but it's like corn dogs, that's it.
It's like shitty restaurants where you order at the counter
and there's shit on the table and there's just a 16-year-old going,
I don't want to make you food.
What's with you people? Pick a lane.
Are you rich or are you going to kill yourselves?
It sounds like you're describing a mall.
You went into a mall.
I guess I haven't been in a mall in a long time.
Yeah, that's what it is, okay.
It's not your fault.
There's a mall in your town and I blame you for it, I guess.
We went into a place, and the young lady that was at the hostess counter,
when we went in, she said,
Now, I don't...
Roger Waters!
The weird thing is, if she in any way has a disability,
then this is a terrible thing to do, is to imitate her voice.
I say you roll those dice, Dan.
It would be in her head.
I guess the idea is you're never supposed to make fun of anybody
or imitate them because you might...
But then what? Then what do we do?
What if you found out Trump was disabled?
He is! He's a terrible president.
Did you hear the news?
What if they diagnosed that?
And then you're like every time you went,
Comey's a leaker, and then you're like,
That's the equivalent of going,
What are we supposed to do?
The answer is just be bad people.
This is our invitation.
There's a horrible man in the White House.
You just be a troll now.
This bitch at this restaurant, fuck her.
Here's how she talked.
What I'm just saying, she did this thing.
It was like a Seinfeld low talker thing.
We couldn't understand her.
It was like a loud music playing.
And she kept going like...
And then we just leaned in.
Until one syllable became stuff.
And when you leaned in enough,
you zoomed in on the wave lengths.
And so you could hear and enhance.
We're kind of crowded.
You can sit.
You can order right away.
But the kitchen's backed up.
Food might take long.
That's every...
You can't just say that.
That's every restaurant's disclaimer.
That doesn't make any sense.
We can't compare that to anything.
By the way, we ordered the food and it came out right away.
So they're like the fastest restaurant in the world.
But hey, listen, you should know there's something...
And there was a picture on the wall of Steve Jobs.
It was like a portrait.
A portrait of Steve Jobs stroking his chin hairs.
But he was flipping a middle finger.
And I was like, to me?
To society?
I don't... Do you hate the guy?
The waiter swiped my credit card on an iPhone.
But the thing was Steve Jobs flipping me the finger.
Was I him trying to like outdo Einstein's picture
of him sticking his tongue out?
What does that even mean?
Yeah, I don't know.
I'm not going to say do you love him or hate him.
I'll get some weird biased opinion from 500 people in a tent.
Maybe you all hate Steve Jobs because he didn't give you a kidney.
I don't know.
I'll never get the truth.
Who made that art?
Some guy that wanted clicks.
And then some restaurant person hanging on a wall
who has no sense of time, doesn't know when their restaurant's fast,
put their niece in charge.
Ugh, we're slow today.
Fuck your city.
I've seen all I can see.
I know everything about your people.
I pronounce you terrible.
I've had a very...
Wow.
Well, now you seem interesting.
The only negative experience I've had since I was here
as walking down University Street Avenue, whatever that is,
where all the kind of bougie restaurants are,
and I was walking down the road looking for a bar
to have a drink on a Sunday morning.
But it was all people having brunch and screaming kids
so I couldn't hang with that.
Then there was one bar that was too bro-y
and it kind of smelled like last night's body odor
and I couldn't dig that.
And I'm walking down the road and there's this really good-looking young gal
and tight jeans.
What's she going to stop me for?
She's standing outside of a shop.
Has anybody ever experienced the makeup people
that stand out there and fucking stop you?
Anybody?
I met some of the people who crossed the street around that place
and this really good-looking gal.
She goes, you want a sample? You shave?
You want some aftershave lotion? It's really good.
I go, okay, cool, thank you.
Wait, wait, wait, come here.
Something else that's really, really good.
I'm like, okay.
She goes, come inside.
What do you use for your skin?
And she says, come in and she sits me down
and she puts some shit, like some collagen stuff.
It cleans off my eye,
like some foamy cleanser eye, I presume.
And she cleans my eye and she puts some shit on my face
and it takes a folder and starts fanning it.
And it feels like there's cement on my eyeball.
And then he only puts it on one eye
and then she goes, okay, now put your hand over your eye.
And she holds a mirror up to me to show me how...
It's like, look at the bags under your other eye.
Look at how shitty this eye looks over here.
Like, do you feel this one tightening up?
Well, keep your hand there.
Keep your hand on the one that's tightening up and being good.
Do you feel how...
Look at how shit you look over here.
You fucking, you're 43-year-old alcoholic.
You look like shit over here.
And then she goes, now, now take your hand off.
You see, there was no fucking difference.
Except this side of my face
felt like there was plaster on it.
And this side felt fine.
And I still look like I stayed up too late last night
and had a million beers.
Yeah, well, some people have had their health care taken away.
Anyways.
This fucking guy.
Oh, hell no!
High road.
Do not take the low road.
Low road is off limits.
High road.
Dance limits.
That's what's going to be in this tent an hour from now.
They have the lights.
They have the equipment.
They are ready to go.
What was your...
We are in the way of a fucking EDM revolution.
These chairs are obstructionists.
You are going to be happy when I'm gone.
That's my 44-year-old depression of whatever EDM is.
You, like, what?
That's your prom night, you fucking old piece of shit.
Can we...
Do we have the capabilities tech people back there
to get some EDM lights going from the EDM tent?
Can we do an EDM check?
Let's just make sure it's ready.
Like, do you have beats you can put on?
No new taxes.
Comey.
Comey's a leaker.
Someone's got a tambourine.
It's like a tribal thing here now.
You bought a fucking tambourine to the show.
Oh, it's got lights on it.
Wow.
Oh, it's like an MDMA tambourine.
It's like blinking lights on it.
And the people around him are like,
please kill yourself.
The people around him are going to kill themselves
at his cult meeting six months from now.
He's a charismatic, glowing tambourine guy.
Be honest, are you on Molly or anything right now?
A little bit?
A tiny bit?
Are you coming down off last night?
All right.
Are you criss-crossing with Molly and something else?
The tambourine doesn't lie.
Who's on something that would make him freak out
if I started talking directly to them?
Hands went up and like, I'm on something,
but don't want to discuss it on stage with you.
You're doing what I do in your house.
You just covered your mouth.
Who here right now is holding felonious amounts
of class A narcotics?
I would like to come up and discuss that with us
in front of the police.
Now, we don't want anybody up here.
Look at that.
There's a microphone in the middle.
They're drawing season three.
Have you ever done Harmontown?
In fact, by now, they're done drawing it.
It's sitting in a vault.
He keeps saying that I've been to the studio.
They're just doing nothing over there.
Yes, because they're drawing.
They don't give a shit about the show.
They don't care about you.
That's true because they're drawing it.
We cared a long time ago.
I feel like I go out and I Instagram me getting my mail
box and I'm like, that's spider scary.
And 15 dudes are like,
yeah, this is what you're doing?
Make Rick and Morty.
I go to the studio.
There's a big dry erase board
and it's just pictures of tits and dicks and balls.
That's what they're drawing
over at Starburns Industries.
The people that are responsible for it taking this long
finished working on it a long time ago.
That's the beauty of being slow,
shitty people that in the hand
work off to talented, fast people.
They're behind schedule,
but I can't do anything about it.
Which country did you send it off to
to have animated and drawn?
Canada. A little
sweatshop called Canada.
Boo indeed.
You're outsourcing jobs
by American.
That disgusting troll
Justin Trudeau.
What a grody
autocrat
leaping out of caves
taking selfies with tourists.
Sexy
gross monster.
I just want to
cuddle him to death.
Roll around with him
in a big pool of syrup.
Maple syrup.
Is that what they make up there?
Maple syrup? I'm going to make maple syrup
up there.
Because I'm a boot
to come.
That shouldn't get
that big a reaction.
Whatever
makes you give that big a reaction.
They were just happy that that bit
had come to a close.
We recognized that you're doing comedy.
That's like giving a cat peanut butter
if it just kind of does something.
Check guy out there with the
light panel.
Who's doing the lights back there?
What's your name? I'm non-binary
and my name is
nothing.
Sorry to be funny.
I was like a tech guy or tech lady
and then you like I wrote that and you were like
it's stellar.
What's your name?
Carter.
If Dan ever tells a joke that totally
bombs just go right into EDM place.
But I'm not telling jokes.
That'll be the signal
that you guys are supposed to laugh
and this show
is no Portlandia.
What if I say something that works?
Can't I get a celebration for that?
Carter we'll leave it to you. If you want to celebrate it
when something really good happens
or if you want to be ironic
when there's a real turd.
Or if I say hit it.
That too.
That's another. So keep your eyes peeled for all that.
Let's just test it right now. Hit it.
Whip!
That was good. That was just a test.
Okay.
Alright.
You're ready to go.
Yeah, I almost finished the word wicked.
That's how I was getting into it.
But I was getting tired
so it's good you stopped.
I'm going to be catching my breath
for the next few measures.
Yeah, so it's...
But you're already out of breath
from that four second of dancing.
That's what I just said.
You can't shoot me through a whole eye shot.
It's called self-deprecation.
It makes me invincible.
Everyone on the internet
with the fucking I'll hit you
where you just hit yourself.
I hit myself there.
I said I'm fat. I said it already.
I'm not fat anymore.
You can't make me fat.
I said I'm fat.
That's just a big crowd of fat people over there.
A bus from a camp that they...
Let's go see our hero.
And then now...
I fucked that up.
Mountain View.
So most of you guys are
and ladies and
anything you're going to...
Are you students?
It's a college town, right?
Okay, so it's like...
Let me keep walking through guesses.
It's like Woodstock.
There's nothing normally here
but we all decided to come here.
Okay.
Got it. I don't know what my third guess was.
It's a weird...
Shut...
I can't speak.
Fidelio.
Fidelio, but the I is a 1.
You have to watch the movie.
That's the password that Tom Cruise uses
to get into the sex party.
Do you guys think that Hollywood
is controlled by an elite
cabal of pedophiles?
Because there was an article
where Nicole Kidman said that Stanley Kubrick
told her that was the case
and that now she's catching some flak for that.
There was recently a big thing
about British pedophiles
up in high, high government.
That was a real thing and we kind of like...
Yeah, that was a weird thing.
And you'd expect if pedophiles controlled the world
that story wouldn't be huge
and it wasn't.
So you're a believer.
Jet fuel can't melt steel beams?
No, no.
I think it could be real.
It's really crazy, but it's weird to talk about it
without seeming insane.
The reason you can't talk about it
is because you'll either be a target
of a secret cabal of pedophiles
or in your enthusiasm
for explaining to people that it's possible
you'll come off like a pedophile
because you'll be like, think about it.
If you were rich, you'd fuck kids.
It's the first thing you do.
Hit it.
Pedophilia.
It's the, it's the,
it's the Maserati of sex.
Heck, go to heck
when you want to fuck a kid.
Go to get your neck out.
Eat out a 12-year-old
like a Ferrari going all the way.
I want a yacht,
but I don't want anyone over 13
today.
Ha!
That one took a lot out of me.
Aerobically
and spiritually.
I think we all lost a little part of ourselves
in that one. That was rough.
I lost two pounds and gained
a horn.
I'm going to die and God
will be fine with it.
I'm out of breath.
I got to get back on the elliptical.
Yeah, I was so proud of myself.
I heard them cheering and I was like, kicking.
And then my stomach was like,
what do you mean?
You got to stop.
I got to fuck more kids.
I put on a bib with a little chin on it.
Time to fuck a kid.
The applause is getting less enthusiastic.
As the...
No, no, no, no.
I wasn't
telling you to pump it up.
I was
standing next to you saying,
we all feel that we don't want this to be a runner.
That's what I'm saying.
Your natural behavior is right
and good.
I think that diminished applause,
that slightly less applause,
was kind of the feeling that that was Act 2.
That was the Empire Strikes Back of a Trilogy.
The payoff will be
in Act 3 of your child's
pedophilia of sex.
I got to tell you, in most pedophile driven stories,
Act 3 is not that satisfying.
It's either someone
escapes from a garage
or it's told from the other side.
Dear idiot fest,
here's why our sponsorship is being revoked.
It's signed Microsoft,
Pentium,
Google,
Monster Energy,
and of course Red Bull.
Are all those stormtroopers walking around?
Are they all cosplayers?
Those aren't...
They're real stormtroopers.
Because I walked out
and the first thing I saw was like 14 stormtroopers.
Are they like the waiters?
They look like...
Pardon?
Oh, shit.
It's like a Union, like a fake Union.
That's cool, that's cool.
It's like Civil War reenactors.
They put them in that drawer
in terms of
sexual probability.
It sounds like a bully thing you say.
They're not going to get laid because they're nerds, whatever.
I mean, look at me. I'm out.
What else can we rate in terms of
sexual probability?
Chances of reigning men.
20%
partly cloudy.
Anyways,
that would be a smart thing for Trump
to do.
He could just pretend to be a Star Wars fan
and then he'd have
the street cred with nerds
and then he'd start dressing cops like stormtroopers.
You could really beat down the people
that would be the first to resist.
You could target high IQ people
and take their asthma inhalers away
and step on their faces
and if anyone had a problem with it,
Trump would be like, I don't get why these people
are such haters about Star Wars.
Like,
I'm looking forward to the movies.
I enjoy it. Give me a little pleasure.
You know, and you'd have people
behind you more.
Because he's really hurting.
He's not going to do fine at all.
We're all going to die.
We're all in the midst of dying.
It's permission to have fun.
If you're 25, I'm sorry.
Sorry about the burning husk
filled with water.
Good luck growing gills
and
figuring out a way to express yourself
in coal
dust
on the hammered flat surface
that used to be a radiator
in your fucking
eared horn cave
drilled into the
side of a
ruined skyscraper
by a robot pterodactyl
powered by coal.
My vision.
Fuck you, Alan Moore. I have a vision too.
Anyone can do this.
It doesn't just have to be zeppelins
if it's a dystopia. Maybe it's robot pterodactyls.
Thank you.
All right.
Let's get on with the show.
I say so, yeah.
Let's stop delaying things.
That was all the cold open.
Idiot, yeah.
But one of the eyes is a one,
but you don't know which one.
I don't know.
When you try to Google it, you write an idiot fest
and nothing comes up. You've got to put the 10 in there
and it's all fucked up.
Maybe it's genius. I don't know.
He's Hardwick.
No, I go.
I go where Hardwick tells me to go.
You know, idiot like that is like
in Apple stores
when a customer is an idiot,
you might say they're having an ID10T
error and it's a code name
for they're an idiot.
You don't have to clap.
That's just
relevant, right?
How is that a clever code?
Oh, you say ID10,
so it's if you say it in front of the customer
they don't know.
Yeah.
I was in the back of a squad car once
and the cop said to another cop,
yeah, I got a DFW
and I said drunk fucking,
god damn it, it was a DFI.
I think it was a drunk fucking idiot
and the cop was like,
yeah, I cracked your code.
You're not going to use code.
It was like three letters.
I was just like, yeah, I know what I am.
And you're not going to offend me.
Like, what do you, what happens now?
Like, I change squad cars,
quick waste and taxpayer money, take me home.
I'm drunk.
Were you being arrested?
No, because I'm the fucking Teflon drunk, man.
I was, I saw the cop,
I pulled over, got out of the car,
he came roaring up. What were you doing?
Not driving.
That's what counts.
And he said, oh yeah,
where are you going? I said, to a friend.
Or I said, I'm coming from a friend.
And he said, what's your friend?
I said, Carl?
And he's like,
where's Carl live?
I said, I don't know, I'm drunk.
Can't remember where Carl lives.
I just know I wasn't driving and I walked.
He said, what if I said I saw you driving?
I'd say, I don't know, I'm drunk.
I just came from Carl's.
And he said, what if I went up to
every one of these houses and knocked on it
and asked for Carl? I'd say, at that point,
who's winning?
And he put me in the car
and then made me wait forever.
And another cop came up
and said, what do you got? A couple DFI's.
And I said, I know I'm still drunk.
Still smarter than all of you.
Like, it's not that big a deal.
I respect you because
you can shoot people.
Not because you're smart.
Drive me home.
I'm sorry, I took this into an ugly
place.
Yeah, we took
a kind of a sad turn from
pedophilia into that dark
realm.
Remember the good old days
of pedophile jokes, you guys?
Now, there's a kid, there's a kid there.
I can see there's kids everywhere.
I got that
born identity kid vision.
Why is that, Dan?
Because I protect them.
Why do I
know where every exit and child is?
This better not translate to any online
medium.
It's just, it's all about
context these days.
It's 442, I feel like we should
maybe, do we?
Should we? Up to you, baby.
Let me crunch some numbers for a second.
I'm kind of famous for it.
My math skills.
That's like the 50 minute to go mark.
50?
No, 40.
Let's hash all this out.
Let's meet one person
from the area.
Yeah.
I don't know how you get them.
What are you doing? You're running up
to the microphone.
Okay, let's meet you.
All right.
This is great.
Wait, don't look behind you, sir.
Oh, they already voted.
Do not look behind you.
Whatever you do, do not turn around.
Wait, what is going on?
What is the DMV?
What the fuck is going on?
Speed round.
Yeah, well, okay.
I mean, fine.
What is your name? My name is Chewy.
Chewy? Welcome, Chewy.
So, first off, I want to say
that Abed was the first character
I've ever seen in anything that connected directly
to me. All right.
And no one will ever shut down the Delta Cubes.
All right. Oh, nice.
Oh, man. The Delta Cubes.
So, Heat Vision and Jack
was one of my favorite shows,
and I only saw one episode of it.
I was wondering if you feel like
the timing, the cultural timing
was what made that not work
versus other things you're doing now or if there's some other?
Heat Vision and Jack.
I don't think it was cultural time.
Well, I guess maybe cultural if you've got...
Yeah, it was...
The audiences weren't fragmented enough
that one million people
wanting to watch something meant
Cha-ching yet, which it now does.
I mean, and I think a million people
would have liked to watch Heat Vision and Jack
because it asked the question, what is television?
But back then it was like, I think you'd need
20 million people to want to watch something
before somebody wants to make something.
You know, Jack Black on a talking motorcycle.
It was great. It was a pilot,
and they didn't pick it up.
They thought it would be expensive,
and it was like, there were things before that.
You're just a baby.
Sledgehammer. I'll say these words to you.
Google them. Look well.
A naked gun.
Or what was the police squad?
There's shows that kind of like
skew absurdity and stuff,
and then it's like, oh, can I watch this or is this a sketch?
I think it was just that.
In a few days, you could put something like
Heat Vision and Jack on sci-fi, maybe.
Too long an answer.
Thank you, Chewie.
I didn't know we could do it at Q&A.
It's great though.
Oh, shit.
It's Craft Punk, actually.
It's what?
It's from the Eric Andre show.
It's called Craft Punk.
I think you can hear yourself
in there.
It's called Craft Punk.
Like, you know, Daft Punk, but
I throw cheese at people and
feel like that.
But, um, I, um...
Well, first off, I want to dance with you.
If we can do a dance-off, that'd be cool.
Okay.
What do you got?
Oh, shit.
This is the most applause you've ever gotten.
He wins!
Dan is doing push-ups.
Dan, he did the worm, not push-ups.
He was doing the worm, I think.
I was kind of just, like, humping the ground, kind of.
Yeah, I'm hammering it.
It's like he's taking a little,
taking a little nap.
Alright, Dan, let it go.
Let it go.
Thank you very much.
Thank you, whatever your name was.
It was, uh, I'll call you Carl.
Hello, Sir, what's your name?
His second question was about
world hunger.
Hi, I'm John,
John, and I was wondering, this is a question for all three of you, what guest at Harming
Quest would you ever want to join?
Who would be our favorite guest to have on Harming Quest?
Yeah, that hasn't appeared yet.
Chris Hardwick!
Woo!
There you go.
He asked, were we talking about getting Dwayne The Rock Johnson on?
I was Dwayne The Rock Johnson!
Famous people are great.
They don't come to my show, but they're great.
Yes, old timey root beer spokesmodel.
So, having seen Harming Quest, I know there's a lot of chaos to your creative process.
How much do you feel that fan theories influence where Rick and Morty goes, because some of
those fan theories are really sophisticated, and you might not have meant them, but I
bet you could run with them.
Well, I'm sure fan theories are just as good, if not better, of anything that we would come
up with in a writer's room, but I don't personally go to those forums since community, because
I don't want to be influenced.
It's sci-fi, so it's like higher stakes to let yourself be influenced by a theory, you
know what I mean?
And also, to tell you the truth, I hope this doesn't spoil anything, but I don't think
Rick and Morty, there's not going to be an underlying fucking, like, I don't know, we
have conversations in the room, and then one's canon to canon, but I'm not a person that
would ever be like, okay, from the beginning of the series, I've always got this thing
that inside the back, behind his ear, if you look real close, there's an egg, and the egg
means the whole show's a lie, like, I don't, he's an old drunk guy that's smarter than
everyone, and for some reason, he's incredibly selfish and wants to, I mean, we'll figure
it out as we go.
But I have seen, like, I did have, like, I've had, like, when we sat down and started writing
the show, I was like, should we have one of those, just in case?
And Mike McMahon, one of the writers, was like, how about this one?
I was like, holy shit, that's amazing, let's do that.
And then two years later, I could see people were like, what if this?
And I was like, fuck that, no, no, like, if you can sit and shouldn't do that, like,
audiences are a render farm of ideas, they have nothing to do but sit there and think,
like, so if your show is payoff based, you're fucking yourself.
I think, but I'm just an old Batman that just stops staring at me like that.
Alright, thank you.
We have time for a couple more, we can't do everybody, because we have some business
to attend to.
When you guys, you guys do festivals, do you stick around and watch bands, or do you go
straight to the hotel room for Minecrafts?
It's funny, you should ask that, sir, because last night, because last night, the saddest
text message in the world came from Jeff to all of us, because he went to Weezer and Spencer
stayed at the hotel and played Minecraft, and it would play, Jeff sent us video and
then said, have fun playing Minecraft, and it was sad.
Yeah, because Steve Levy, if you know Steve, he'll probably come up here in a little bit,
we went down to see OK Go, and the people here at the festival gave us nice tickets,
check out in the main amphitheater, and we saw that, we came backstage and had a drink,
you know, like, you know, Demetri Martins hanging out back there in Hardwick, and we
walked back out, and to get back to our seats, we have to walk by the front row, and we walked
by in the security guard that is in front of the photograph pit, right in the front,
happened to be a Who's Len is an Anyway fan, he's like, oh man, Jeff, he's like a stoner
dude, he's super cool, and he goes, oh, I'm a big fan, man, I said, cool, can I come
in the photo pit?
He's like, yeah, so we just watched the first three songs of Weezer right in the front,
and we just took a bunch of photos and sent it to these assholes who were home in the hotel
playing Minecraft.
Well, wait, I mean, that's a cool story, but how can that match, like, I was in the overworld,
and I went through an obsidian portal, where there happened to be gasts flying around in
lava rocks everywhere, and I didn't know where I was going, but then I found a blaze and
I shot a fireball, I mean, you didn't get a fireball shot at you, no, I didn't.
Oh my God, you guys, millions have been deprived of their health care, hit it.
The High Road Dance, everybody, let's give it up for MC High Road.
When you take a low road, you won't get far, take the High Road, tell people where you
are, say, I'm bisexual, you hurt me in your contextual argument, because this is who I
am, took the High Road to the peanut butter and jam of the real conversation, I fucked
your mama all across the nation, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
All right, no, I didn't mean that bisexual people take the High Road, that was a weird,
I didn't, that was just say weird.
What did you mean, Dan, what did you mean?
I don't know, I was rapping.
And then, so MC High Road just immediately starts fucking your mother, that's the High
Road, do you?
No, I think MC High Road is like has a has an ironic
Propulsion for the low road
That's like how old was old dirty bastard. We don't know. I mean he was older than Wu Tang, but
All right
All right, Dan, you're gonna fuck any mothers tonight. Will you mind fucking my mama?
Oh, sir, I would be honored. All right, we'll take one more question and we're gonna play some D&D
I just want to say I listen to your guys's podcast every day that it you know
It comes on and I actually wanted to talk to Spencer and ask if you've seen the street
That is your last name. That's like really close
Maybe not this exact one or maybe yeah, cuz I've driven around Northern California fair amount
But I've seen a ton of streets not even on purpose. They just drive by streets that are cringed in so it happens
There's way too many of them. It's weird
Well, it's here and it made me
Thank you so much. I'll check it out. All right. Thank you very much. Oh, we have mr. Meeseeks is here. I think everybody
Really really alarming. Yeah, that is
That is for the for the podcast listener a lot of people
There's a lot of
No, I so did myself my first time
However, I do have one question
I have several questions for you
But go ahead. I
Mean I serve you if you have a question. No, no, I was I was just making a terrible joke. Go ahead, please
Well, if you tell a Meeseek that you have a question, he's not gonna he's gonna stop this pain. What do you want?
I just want to
Just this is you know, we didn't press the button. You're going you're barking up the wrong tree dog
This is bad nerdery
Well his task if someone might have pressed a button and said go out and learn everything about stuff
We don't know. All right. One of those Meeseeks. So I just want to know
Even though Jerry has been divorced and whatnot
Season three some of us are still left around. We need to know if his short game is gonna get any better
Are you saying you're more of a stickler me seek to leave
Meeseeks I wasn't even in the scene, but I mean I yeah, no, I think eventually he could become a purpose
This is follow through me see yeah, no, I think he'll eventually become better
But while he learns they go dip your Meeseek feet in a river
You know like do like awakening stuff. I
Don't know how much along I can this like this. He better be Tiger Woods five years ago tomorrow
It's a circular conversation at this point. I'm just saying like I can't control it
I mean, you're not gonna make me disappear anyway. So thanks for helping. All right. Well. Goodbye. Thank you, mr. Meeseeks
I want to I have I want to know what's in that fanny pack so bad most basic conversations are
Costumes have like bigger head like they make the bigger head. Yeah, it's like it's like a weird to make it to let it be regular
sized head is like John Wayne Gacy's pointy clown makeup. It's like it's just a subtle but fundamental choice to have a
Meeseek with like a tiny head and I'm like, okay
All right, well the opposite of tiny heads one of the biggest brains in the world. Let's bring up Steve Levy to the stage everybody
How's it going everybody?
Man, hi. We had a pretty good night last night, didn't we? We had a great night. Yeah, we totally partied down. Yeah. Yeah
It's wonderful. Lots of good music. Yeah a lot of good times. Yeah a lot of memories
Memories that we'll have for the rest of our lives. It was a nice harmonious night
It's fine, I don't care I watched the wall with my girlfriend. I had a great time
Okay, I
Don't get jealous of people anymore. I don't care. I have a perfect life
You seem pretty mad about your restaurant experience today
It's a bad restaurant. I don't understand. They didn't they also didn't have salt on the table
I don't like restaurants that don't put salt on the table. I feel judged by them like I have low blood pressure
So judge someone else like I if you serve hash browns at your restaurant, you don't put salt on the table
I what you're saying to me is wait it gets better
Nothing makes you question what you're currently saying like the vision of someone just walking out. You're like wait, what am I doing?
What am I doing?
It doesn't matter. They might have diarrhea. They're not trying to send that signal, but it makes you really think twice
I think everyone but they walk they walked out on a pair. Do you think they both have diarrhea?
Everyone who's ever talking should always have to have an image of someone walking out of a tent
While they're talking it'll keep you on your toes
All right, so we're gonna play our second round of our new campaign of Pathfinder everybody
Yeah
Now leave you weren't you weren't with us for the first for the for the pilot episode
I was not but I certainly listen to it. Yeah, we didn't get a lot done
Did anybody here hear that for here last week's D&D? All right, not that many suspense or you're gonna have to catch us up
It would not a lot happens. So you're kind of coming in pretty fresh like
You'll be easily caught up on this, right?
And do you want to lay on the intro for us? What huh? You want to give us the intro?
Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Do you have character sheets for us? Sure. Yeah
All right, I'll come grab those I
Think that you know one thing that's gonna
Gonna be tough because we're gonna have to like make sure we hear each other. It's a tent
We're doing stuff that's going into Canon. Yeah
Rob or Carter was it? Is there a way to get a little bit more of our mics in the monitor so we can get up here
Each other a bit more
That's a check one two two. There we go. Oh, yeah, Dan talk
What if that results in feedback, you know, they the right line back don't point your mic at the monitor
You've never been in a rock band? No
All right, I'm just looking for my character sheet
It's fine
Not cares
We're not doing anything a lot of people. Spencer. I'm gonna give you the intro music and you're gonna lay it on us. All right, what?
You can't hear it. No, it's great
All right, you guys last time a town was in peril and they dispatched the church
That is to say you guys to help solve the problem
Upon seeing a house you immediately demand an entrance pushed past the homeowners and went upstairs to a cost of child
Bedridden you attacked the child and punched him in the face
Luckily it turned out he was possessed by a demon. So it wasn't like
Entirely terrible, but it was bad news and a ghost came out
Oh boy the demon attacked and you guys didn't know what was going on
And so you told the mom to make some bad soup like Adams family and then you left and then it was over
That's all
We're caught up
Okay
The most important thing that I don't have is my list of spells. Yep
I feel like you you like it that I'm not prepared. Yeah, it's great
I'm really digging this can't you can't you go on our so can't you go on our slack down and find your spells are on there
They I don't know if I have a list of my spells on the slack
Players handbook. Oh, but it doesn't thank you sir. I
I'll try you know, I mean the other thing is that
Going on to slack will require me to shut off my iPad and turn it back on so I can get on the
AT&T
Fucking network interesting. How about if I just spend this adventure eating shit?
Well, yeah, you can not cast spells or you could cast healing spells. It'll be great. Let's worry about it
So, where are you guys you guys you just left a house?
and
Diarrhea juniors there
Hey guys, hey DJ. How's it going?
Good. I I finally caught up with you after you left me in the last village to clean up that mess you made
Yeah, well, you know, we had the wagon and the horses and you know and six o'clock means six o'clock. You were late
And so we we left with that you
All right. Well, I'm here now. Yeah
What did I miss we well?
Carlos punched a child that was in bed and
A ghost came out, but we didn't know how to get rid of the demon ghosts
So we left and we're gonna go investigate these burned out ruins over here. We think
All right, let's do it. I mean, do you have any spells that you think could get a demon out of a out of a child?
I'm just a fighter. Okay, forget it then
So we're pretending that we do you
Before we started the last one or what did we you've known me? Yeah, it took me under your wing
This is kind of unceremonious. This is like reunion. I know he wasn't he was just late
He didn't make the wagon time at late in time. He was back taking care of another thing and you and I went ahead
You don't you remember you exclaimed my work here is done
And then everything was on fire and I had to stay behind and just put out the fires
And you left so you're kind of like an assistant to me
Whatever you won't think
All right
Yeah, hey DJ, you're not his assistant. You're you're a priest of the silver flame just like he is just like I am
Don't let him don't let him talk to you like that. I
Appreciate him. He can say what he wants, you know, I feel like he's walking all over you. Okay. I don't let's go check out
There's ruins that were across the from the street from the kid that I punched
You walk over there and you see the charred burnt ruins of what looks like it was a barn and then a house
There's only kind of the skeletal structure of blackened buildings. I
Investigate the blackened charred. Oh
Man, it looks like it was a recent fire. There's ashes everywhere
Do either of you have any magical ability to kind of find important things while my iPad boots I
Take out my magnifying lens. Oh
Shit and
Examine the charring wood
Examining the charred wood you see that the floorboards don't line up perfectly
Hidden among the ashes in the dust there seems to be the outline of some sort of trapdoor or something
It looks like there's a trapdoor
Nicely done squire
Thank you
Let's examine it
Can I do a trap door?
I I pick up like a like a
Chunk of like burnt wood throw it at the trapdoor to see if it springs any mechanism. No, it doesn't it just lands
It's it kind of it hits as if it's like a little hollow underneath it
But otherwise it just lands. All right, I go up to it and I wipe off some of the charred
Dust ash away from it and try to lift up the door. All right, you do that inside
You see two charred corpses
Appropriate I
Investigate them to see if there's any identifying like clothing or marks or anything like that
Uh, not really they seem really heavily burned as if they perished in the blaze
Do they look like do they look like humans like human? Oh, yeah, they look like humans. Sorry
This is really upsetting to me
So I take out my foldable shovel and start digging graves for them. Okay, you do that it takes a long time
I just examine the corpses more like what are they were they wearing clothes or the clothes gone?
They're clothes are like kind of you only see the barest remnants of it
But it seems like heavy heavy-duty clothes like blue-collar clothing
Can we can we tell if one is female and one is male because this might be James and his wife
So they said burned the house down and left can't really tell the skeletons are too deformed by fire
Is there anything else down there that is worth looking at?
I I check out the rest of the trap area. No, it just looks like the bodies are just kind of stowed underneath the house
Ah
So I think somebody burned down this house and hid the corpses down here
Whoa
Wait, you think somebody burned down the house and then went back into the burned down house and
Yeah, whoa
Or I mean
Another theory would be that they that someone came here to to bully these people and they hid themselves in a place
Where they could be hidden and then because the people couldn't find them they simply burnt down the house and these people died with the fire
Whoa
That's a possibility
Or they wanted to die together and they lit the house on fire and then locked the door and they just hugged and burned to death
Diarrhea jr. Don't you have some kind of looking glass that you were using? Oh, yeah, can you check their privates like that because whoa?
Whoa? Whoa? Where's being told that we can't tell if there was a man and a woman?
But I just feel like how do you look closer? I'll do my best
Can't you see like like the size of the pelvis or something like that?
I take out my magnifying lens and start to examine their groin areas. They're all burnt up. It's all fucking burnt to death
It's all fucking burnt to death
You know you guys I'm chad the fire like her, but I don't like any I don't like this at all
I'm not chad that the burnt corpse like her I
Move the corpses. Where do you move them out of the hole you do that? I was
Okay, is there anything beneath them? No, it just kind of looks like it was underneath the floorboards
And then they kind of just put a new plank in there to make it look like it wasn't it seems like you guys didn't make it here on time I
Go out onto that. What's what a what kind of fucked up thing is that to say?
I'm you know you left the other town early and it's just really bumming me out
Jesus Christ, you know we left when we got the call from our superior is to say to come here because bad things have happened
I mean if we got here and nothing had happened yet
We probably wouldn't have gotten that call and maybe if we don't dwell on who's to blame for what?
We'll get to the next place faster. It's like this is awful what you do to us that man doesn't look up and see the bats
I'm sure everything's fine. Yeah, let's just I want to go out to the outer perimeter because I feel like if people are going to
Burn a house. They're gonna do it from the outside after they've filled it with accelerant like they did it Waco
whoa
Texas
And so I'm just gonna I just want to do a perimeter around the burnt house like
Like knowing where the house was if I was gonna burn a house
From the outside
That perimeter and walk it and look for anything for an object's anything
It doesn't look like that. It looks like the outside wasn't as burned as the inside. Oh interesting
So burnt from the inside guys figured that out. Do you think that it was magic or just regular fire?
Hard to say
Do we see any tracks leading in any direction?
No
No tracks how far outside of town are we you're on the edge of town
There's the towns and then there's the farmland which is you know pretty large swads of property and then there's more
Kind of towny buildings if one of my skills is knowledge
parentheses Arcana, uh-huh that maybe qualify me to know the difference between arson
They could try you could try yeah, and and like maybe a fun, you know magical started fire
Yeah, you could tell it's a magically started fire
Can I pinpoint where the magically started fire started from the inside like the main room?
Okay, what's can I go to that main room? Is that where the corpses were?
Uh, no, not exactly, but it's close. It's like the house was small and you there's only one main room
And it's kind of just a frame like a structure. So there's not really rooms anymore
So you're just kind of in the middle of it where you found well
I go to that spot just because I want to you know
Ash ash ash ashes burnt wood. All right
Well, I said I said we get in our wagon take the horses into town and go
I mean like this clearly there's something going on and we got a possessed child across the street
We got clearly either a double homicide or a double suicide here
Do we need to go back across the street to help a possessed child? I think put a pin in him
You whatever you say boss
Yeah, let's get let's get in the wagon and go into town
What's up? We're taking the wagon into the town man. I really can't hear you okay
You do that you take the wagon into the town you enter
It seems that there's a small hill and there's just like seven or eight buildings kind of situated around the hill
Most of them just seem like little houses
Yeah, and then there's a winding path that goes up a up a hill and towards a wooded area and right on the edge of
The woods you can see the the the the stone church building
Great, you should probably check in at the church. Yes, let's go to the church. All right at this point
It's late at night
Sorry, sorry the priory is a stone monastery made of ancient bricks
The masonry is impressive and expensive in the front door is old and weathered on the door
You can see cracks in the wood and nails poking through as if the door has been reinforced recently
You can hear the sounds of snoring coming just from beyond the door
So people have like like nailed themselves inside the church. Yeah, all right. I
Knock on the church door
Hello, who's there? Who's there? No one should come in at this night. It's too late. Who's coming in inquisitors?
From the church of the silver flame
We're here to rid your town of evil forces
We'll prove it
Hey, if I prove it you're gonna spend a long time
Renailing that door. Why don't you just open it?
Thanks, Brett. I can't back up
He doesn't respond
My name is Carlos the unimaginative. I'm with the church of the silver flame. I what do you mean prove it?
We don't have fax machines. I I will hey have somebody put their head up to the door. That's sick
He opens the door it just opens despite all those nails
Okay, hi
Hey, what's up?
Thanks so much for coming. What's your name?
Patchens patches Patchens with an N
Patchens what's with the nailed door? Oh people have been trying to break in or something. I don't know. I just do it. I'm told
People like have you experienced that? Nope. I just heard people saying that happened
Are you alone a nail up the door? Are you alone in here?
No, no, everyone's sleeping. I'm what just watching guard
Not letting anyone in
How many people live here?
Four or five I can't count
We should probably wake up your bosses and let them know we're here. Are you sure? I mean
It's late. This is important. There's evil at work in your town
All right. All right, you know what they say if it's worth nailing a church door shut
It's worth waking people that work in church up
All right, he does that he takes you through the church
Yeah, he just does that eventually you're at the door of
Just a door. You don't know what door it is because they're not labeled
Patchens knocks on the door and you can hear sirring stirrings. He's like sir sir
They're here the inquisitors are here and you can hear just kind of a mumbling and then like a fumbling and
Some an old an old-looking guy
Comes up. He looks gross. He's like a fat gross old man
He's wearing a one of those really long night caps and he comes up and he's like
What is this what's the deal?
We're inquisitors from the silver flame church. I'm Carlos. This is Chad. This is diarrhea, Jr.
You can call him DJ. How do we know we can trust you?
We will now
Can't you see right? What what the nomination is this church the church of the silver flame?
Oh, we we show that we show him our silver flame emblems that we wear. Oh, yeah, holy symbol
He looks at him for like way too long and is really suspicious of him, but eventually he's like
Okay, all right, whatever
He's having some kind of problem trusting people that you that look like people you should trust
Yeah, everyone's gone evil sin has taken root in this town and that's rising up all over the place
We don't know where to turn and who to trust. It's a terrible situation
situation
We don't even know to trust you and how do we trust you?
Exactly, that's the problem. I'm having
All right, I turned my back to him and hold my arms out to the side and I just fall back toward him
He catches you. I
Like it. That's a good start. Yeah
Now I'll do it
He's holding Jeff still. Oh shit. Ow
I
Catch I catch Carlos. All right. Well, then that's fine. It's all fine. Everyone wins
See we like to do that everywhere we go just to show you no matter how big your problem is
It's not as big as you think
That follows perfectly. Oh
Can you can you tell us what's what has happened exactly to all your like why are you hiding in here?
We don't know exactly. We just know that evil is loose evil spirits are messing with people and cause any evil
We think the sinners are sinning and God has taken his wrath out on us
All right, we're here to we're here to fix that because we eat evil for breakfast and we shit
Goodness purge the unclean cleanse our village
Do you have any tips on how to do that? Nope. Yeah, that's your job. You're the experts, right?
Yeah, but we should I mean can you take us?
From the moment when things were normal by your definition to when they started to get bad
Take us back as far as you can. I don't know. It just seems like
It all started when Tom Tom was getting weird
It seems his kid came down with some sickness and ever since then weird shit's been going down as kid died
We don't know if it was a punishment for his evil archer
Yeah
The first that was the first kid. Yeah, didn't you have two kids? Yeah, yeah cliff the one that you punched
Now are you saying that that the father Tom is evil?
You don't trust him. I don't know, but he's been acting all fucked up like an evil person would oh
We were we were punching the wrong guy. We should have been punching the dad not the son
Well, that's what that's what you say every time you go to a movie theater, you know
Like how could a kid be to blame but at the same time he was the one screaming
Wow, I didn't know I you know
To use language that I shouldn't be able to use I thought that was more of a side quest when we came into the
town turns out that was the a story
Well, maybe maybe not but he's there's evil. We just know going forward that we don't we can't trust everybody when we meet
Right or other possessed people. What are there other possessed people? What are you talking about possession? That's ghosts, right?
Yeah
Yeah, we met a kid that had a ghost an evil ghost inside of it came out and the went back in like he was possessed by a
Fuck are you talking about Tom's child cliff as a ghost inside of we saw I knew it. He's evil
He must be a fucking cultist who Tom. Yeah. Oh shit devil worshipers all of them with a name like fell
That like means you're from hell. I think we never asked for his law his last name
Well, I know his last name because he's a person in my village. I'm fell. Oh, yeah
Like he fell from grace. I don't know
Well, he wouldn't you know your last name doesn't say whether you're evil that doesn't make sense
You're born with your last name. You're a non-believer shut up with your heresy
All right sidebar about this guy
It's if we go off like does this guy want us to murder a family? What if he's the bad guy?
Yeah, I mean I think like fake news dude
Do sense motive on him Carlos sense motive on this on this dude. What's your name old man?
What is my name?
Two seconds sense motive
You do a sense motive. Oh, man
He's he's obviously
Freaking out. He's like a paranoid man who's terrified like as if he's he's thinking the world's gonna fall on his shoulders
And everything he does is motivated by fear. My name is Phil Stogan Waller
Stogan Waller
All right, Phil when you're clearly not in your right mind, so sit down
You're gonna tell us everything. Would you be in your right mind if demons and whatever people are showing up talking about ghosts?
It's fucked up. Yeah, so now empty your not right mind so that people with the brighter minds can take in your
Information digest it and go do more right shit than you've done that Tom is a real piece of shit
He's coming knocking on my church door asking for help. We're trying to deal with evil. We can't be helping people
He's here all over the place. We had to lock our doors and bolt them so he wouldn't be coming in
Fucked up. Let's go back and talk to Tom
I'm sounds like a victim with a sick kid in a corrupt society
I mean what else were you dealing with that? You thought Tom wasn't a priority people are all fucked up
It's evil evil's in the town and everyone you're fucked up. Look at you. You're fucked up
You're fucked up. You're fucked up. Maybe we both have a lot to learn
Do you have anything to give us on our on our on our quest here? Um, I got some holy water
Oh, can I see it? Can I see it? What like can I see holy water?
I don't think you should hold it after what I heard happened last time
Yeah, I think somebody else should hold the holy water. Let me try something
Okay, holy water on you on him. No
Ah, I'm wet. Why?
Why did you waste our holy people? Do you have any more holy water as I hope that wasn't all of it?
Are you gonna just fucking throw it on me? No. No, this is gonna be a terrible decision to do anything for you
I'm gonna keep it and use it on people and in a safe manner and not keep wasting all of our precious resources
Well, I'm gonna leave the room and tell you where it is
Where is it? It's right here and then he leaves
All right, I follow him. All right. He goes back to bed. I
Stand at the foot of his bed and stare at him. Don't throw anything at me. I won't I
Pick up the holy water. It's on though. It's water. Oh, well. Yeah, okay. You fill up a bottle or something
Yeah, I'll fill up my one of my three glass jars
Great, I fill up. I fill up a water skin for a full of holy water as well. All right
I'll fill up everything. I you're at the bed door. Oh, well, I
I have my fear of being left out. I
Follow that to the holy water. Ha
All right, was that him sleeping?
All right, fine. I
fill up my holy water
all the holy water
Do you want you want to you want to go back and try this holy water on Tom the the evil dad?
Do you want to press forward and see if there's bigger fish to fry? Okay, but what what if it that doesn't work?
What if we go back to Tom's house and it does nothing like we just we're kind of out of our element here
Okay, what we don't know if we don't try well
Let's let's at least go out and check out these other buildings around here and just kind of investigate the town a little bit
So what I just can't hear Jeff for whatever reason. All right. We're gonna investigate the town. All right
You go back into the town. There's a there's a hill. Well, wait, it's nighttime. You're going in the nighttime
Yeah, yep. All right. There's a hill. You see a bunch of houses that seem to be asleep
Someone should take a shit in the street or something so we can end the is that like a town bell or anything like that like
You look for a town bell and find none
Do you really want me to take a shit in the street? Well, it might make a good place to end the adventure
Because I don't know how to end things
You want him to end it by taking a shit in the street. What is that design to accomplish?
I don't know what else do you end a D&D chapter, you know, but we could go back and maybe save the kid with holy water
Okay, well we get we have seven minutes. So okay, let's do it
I could always come back and take a shit. I'll be really embarrassed about it. But all right, let's go
Let's go back to Tom's house. Okay. All right
You do that
I knock on the door Tom
Wake up
All right, it takes a while, but eventually you hear so much chatter. What what do you want? Get away from my house
I dropped I dropped my keys. I think my keys are here somewhere. I don't care about that
I need you these are important keys. I need these keys to help clear clear a town of evil
Do you think I don't have a memory like this is insane that I'd let you back into my house at three in the morning
After what is to this I cast fireballs and burn his door down. Jesus. All right. It starts burning
Fuck now you're not in a problem
I
Take out my water skin and try to put out the fire
Yeah, okay, you do that. I'm gonna go around back
All right, wait wait did he put the fire up before to accomplish what I wanted was burning the door down?
Yeah, well it is still burning, but it's being dampened like it's starting to be extinguished. All right
I kick the door in all right. What's your strength?
And nope
Yeah, you don't kick it in you kick it with your little gnome foot
DJ kick the door you're big and strong. Oh, no, well Dan was going around back. What were you doing Dan?
I'm going around back because I saw that documentary about Waco, and I know that that's where the innocent
Holtests will try to run out of
And I want to be able to possibly pick them off with automatic gunfire
Okay, so I'm the ATF or FBI, but not really okay commentary over tell it to your 90s therapist
All right, you're stationed there behind the door. No, I'm actually going to the back door. I'm actually gonna. Is there a back door?
Okay, can I try to open it? It's locked. I
What's your strength bonus? Oh shit
Sorry, sorry hold on
It's coming up my strength is 12 my ability modifiers plus one you don't kick it on
Human size kick. I I try to talk to Tom
Hey Tom, I'm I'm just another guy. I wasn't here earlier
My name is DJ and and I have this holy water. I really if you let me in I think I could help your child
How convincing do you think that was? I?
Mean you've got no other options. I'm with these two guys
I know they didn't do a great job, but that's why they brought me here kick his door in DJ
You're strong kick it in fuck this guy fuck him
I don't want to I don't want to resort to violence, but I am strong enough to kick this door down
It's just a door. It's not violence. It's just a door. Please just let me in and let me help your child
No, fuck you kick the fucking door. All right. I'm gonna kick the door
This is a great tactic. I mean we're great. All right. You also don't kick the
You hear a window open above you and a bunch of objects start raining down on your heads
Rocks mostly
All right, you all get hit by rocks all of us
All right, you each take six damage
As heavy rocks are hurled from the second story window onto your heads
Well, I'm in the back there in the front. Right. Not you then. Sorry. I forgot about that. I'm great at this game. We should do a wrap
Yeah, well, that's what I was saying. We'll do a cliffhanger right there. We'll do a cliffhanger, but then
kick it
Finish it off Harmon
Ladies and gentlemen, you have been present at Mountain View Palo Alto
St. Jonas, Jonestown, California
Somewhere within an hour of Los Angeles by planes
Idiot festival spelled with any number of ones and zeros, O's and
capital I's and
Chris Hartwick got a wick that's hard. Gonna fuck your mama so hard. My dick is a yard
Football field couldn't slow it down. I put your mama up. I put your mama down. I put my dick in her butt
I put my dick in her eye. I said hello. Then I said hi. It was redundancy. Get up here. It was a greeting. Oh shit
I got a meeting with an alien with an orange man with fiberglass
straight paint around his hands and head and
It's some combination of references. Here he comes. Security's tight. I feel safer already. When I go out tonight
He could be ISIS. He could be Okada. We don't care. I eat a tomato
Fresh grow. Yeah
My name is H-A-R-M-O-N. Your name is
Together again, we're gonna do this just like kitten play
That's where you put your foot
He's he's too young to know kitten play
Your name is Morgan
And I'm sitting here and I'm not an organ hanging out with Dan Harmon. He's my friend and I love it
I'm gonna hang out remembering forever
Because I love the weather. It is. We belong together
Together
We belong together
Thank you so much. What's your name again, sir? What's your name? I'm Morgan. It's Morgan everybody. Thank you Morgan. Thank you everybody
Thank you everybody here on sound. They can card it back there on the EDM lights
Steve Levy everybody
Spencer Crittenden
I'm Jeff Davis
Your mayor Dan Harmon. Thank you so much. Enjoy the rest of your EDM fest everybody
Now get these chairs out of here. You're gonna dance in this tent. There's dancing in this tent
I think I think that's what's next
Did you get any of that? It's a good show!